README.md, before:

# ChemCalculator

Calculate chemical formula mass or atomic mass (g/mol), convert moles to grams and grams to moles, and calculate percentage mass for chemical or atom of interest

## Installation

```bash
$ pip install ChemCalculator
```

## Usage

- TODO

## Contributors
### Development Lead

|Contributor Name     | GitHub Username|
|---------------------|-----------|
|Kingslin Lv | [Kingslin0810](https://github.com/Kingslin0810)|
|Joyce Wang      | [jo4356](https://github.com/jo4356)     |
|Allyson Stoll       | [datallurgy](https://github.com/datallurgy) |

We welcome and recognize all contributions. Please find the guide for contribution in [Contributing Document](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/ChemCalculator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

`ChemCalculator` was created by Joyce Wang, Kinslin Lv, Allyson Stoll. It is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

### Credits

This package was created with Cookiecutter and the UBC-MDS/cookiecutter-ubc-mds project template, modified from the [pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci) project template and the [audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage).

Commit message:

update overview of the package in the readme

README.md, after:

# ChemCalculator


## Overview 

ChemCalculator is a python package useful for chemistry (mainly physical/inorganic/analytical chemistry) for purpose of calculating chemical formular mass in g/mol. The mole allows scientists to calculate the number of elementary entities (usually atoms or molecules ) in a certain mass of a given substance. Another property of Avogadro’s number is that the mass of one mole of a substance is equal to that substance’s molecular weight. For example, the mean molecular weight of water is 18.015 atomic mass units (amu), so one mole of water weight 18.015 grams. This property simplifies many chemical computations. This python package will be helpful to easily calculate the chemical formula mass, convert moles to grams and vice versa, and lastly calculate the percentage mass for the atomic nature of the elements in chemistry. 

## Functions

This package contains three functions, each that accepts basic formula for chemistry. The EDA functions can be used with a dataset with numerical and categorical features. Each functions will have it's own required and optional arguments to configure the properties of the plot.
1. calculate chemical formula mass or atomic mass (g/mol)
2. convert moles to grams and convert grams to moles
3. calculate percentage mass for the atomic nature of the elements 

## Installation

```bash
$ pip install ChemCalculator
```

## Usage

- TODO

## Contributors
### Development Lead

|Contributor Name     | GitHub Username|
|---------------------|-----------|
|Kingslin Lv | [Kingslin0810](https://github.com/Kingslin0810)|
|Joyce Wang      | [jo4356](https://github.com/jo4356)     |
|Allyson Stoll       | [datallurgy](https://github.com/datallurgy) |

We welcome and recognize all contributions. Please find the guide for contribution in [Contributing Document](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/ChemCalculator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

`ChemCalculator` was created by Joyce Wang, Kinslin Lv, Allyson Stoll. It is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

### Credits

This package was created with Cookiecutter and the UBC-MDS/cookiecutter-ubc-mds project template, modified from the [pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci) project template and the [audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage).
